Update (#68)
OpenVoiceOS/community-docs: docs/index.md

the OVOS project documentation is written and maintained by users just like you!

These documents are your starting point for installing and using OpenVoiceOS software

**Note** some sections may be incomplete or outdated

Please [open Issues](https://github.com/OpenVoiceOS/community-docs/issues) [and Pull Requests](https://github.com/OpenVoiceOS/community-docs/pulls)!

## Just want to get started with OVOS?
Check out our [Quick Start Guide](quick_start.md) for help with installing an image, your first boot, and basic configuration.

## Getting Involved
If this is your first experience with OpenVoiceOS, or you're not sure where to get started,
say hi in [OpenVoiceOS Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#openvoiceos-support:matrix.org) and a team member would be happy to mentor you.
Join the [Discussions](https://github.com/OpenVoiceOS/OpenVoiceOS/discussions) for questions and answers.

## Links
* [Latest Release](https://github.com/OpenVoiceOS/ovos-core/releases)
* [OpenVoiceOS Chat](https://matrix.to/#/!XFpdtmgyCoPDxOMPpH:matrix.org?via=matrix.org)
* [OpenVoiceOS Website](https://openvoiceos.org/)
* [OpenVoiceOS Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/OpenVoiceOS/)

> Being depereciated, please start making the change to OVOS pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below links are in the process of being deprecated, please start making the change to OVOS pages.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if this note is meant to be consumer-facing or not...
